Add notes about `ruff`. (#14781)
astropy/astropy: docs/development/codeguide.rst

            ]

* Our testing infrastructure currently enforces a subset of the PEP8 style guide. In
  addition, these checks also enforce `isort <https://pycqa.github.io/isort/>`_ to sort

>   the module imports and a large set of style-checks supported by `ruff
>   https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/`_.

Reviewer: Formatting typo?
```suggestion
  the module imports and a large set of style-checks supported by
  `ruff <https://beta.ruff.rs/docs/>`_.
```

  * We provide a ``pre-commit`` hook which automatically enforces and fixes (whenever

>     possible) the coding style, see :ref:`pre-commit` for details on how to setup and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    possible) the coding style, see :ref:`pre-commit` for details on how to set up and
```
